event spreadsheets	event type	event name	threat	description	money affected	reputation	Energy	bex income	polution affected (between -3 to 5	time	cost	run over	event prereq
Comp	major	Pandemic	"A massive worldwide pandemic known as Corvid-18 has swept through your city. Citizens, and businesses alike have requested aid while they wait for federal aid. Helping could be beneficial to keep things running smoothly until this pandemic passes."	Due to the contribution from the municipal government the city-at-large was able to get through the pandemic with little issues!	0	0	0	0	0	4	3	0	
Fail	major	Pandemic		"Without the help of the municipal government: many businesses closed down, and many citizens struggled to make it through the Corvid-18 pandemic."	-3	-5	0	0	0	4	3	0	
Comp	major	Foreign Invasion	The country to the south has launched an invasion of the country! In order to fight back against this conquest the federal government is requesting financial support from the cities to prevent a total collapse of the country at large to fascism!	"Due to the aid provided from the city, the country was able to successfully push back, and beat the invasion from the fascism southern country!"	0	0	0	0	1	4	4	0	
Fail	major	Foreign Invasion		"Without the aid of the entire country banding together the threat from the south was able to fully take over the country and your city, removing you from position and imprisoning you for the foreseeable future. Such threats should not be taken lightly"	0	0	0	0	1	4	4	1	
Comp	major	City wide Power Outage	Due to a lack of funding the power grid has collapsed. The city is now requesting an increase in funding to help get the power grid back up and running both for the citizens' use as well as the infrastructure that needs it!	"The funds that were put into restoring the power grid was a great benefit! This led to not only a restoration of the power grid, but it being improved resulting in many folks finding themselves better off than before!"	0	2	4	0	1	2	2	0	
Fail	major	City wide Power Outage		"Without extra funding from the municipal government the city's power grid ended up with delays in getting repaired and restarted, Many citizens and businesses felt the pains of not having power and as a result grew more frustrated!"	0	-5	-5	0	-2	2	2	1	
Comp	major	Social Media App Bought	"Mr. Bexley recently talked about buying the social media app Cwitter, initially many people viewed it as a joke, however it seems like the owners of Cwitter were interested. After several months of talking Mr. Bexley has now tried to back out a deal that he legally cannot back out of. Having now been obligated to follow through with his poor decision Mr. Bexley is now requesting a small bailout."	"With help from you, Mr. Bexley was able to maintain his position after the deal went through, Now the owner of Cwitter Mr. Bexley has decided to clean house and change a lot of aspects of the app, he also chose to rename the app to Z. Many users report that the app is unusable now"	0	0	0	1	2	4	2	0	
Fail	major	Social Media App Bought		"Without your aid Mr. Bexley had to forgo purchasing his third mansion in order to fulfill his contractual obligation in purchasing Cwitter. Many changes have since been made to Cwitter, now called “Z”. Additionally, Mr. Bexley later went on a lengthy on a Cwitter rant about “someone” before quickly deleting it. Hopefully he isn’t mad for long..."	0	0	0	-3	1	4	2	0	
Comp	major	Residential neighbourhood displaced	"Mr. Bexley has recently grown interested in cryptocurrencies. With plans of launching his own crypto by the name of BexBucks, Mr. Bexley bought a residential neighbourhood for the data centre for his crypto. As a result of Bexley Inc’s business the people who live there have now found themselves displaced. Now the residents of the area are demanding the city help re-home the displaced families."	"The citizens affected by the Bexley Inc buyout have all been properly taken care of and subsidized, as a result many of the families present have shown their support in a variety of ways"	0	3	0	0	3	3	3	0	
Fail	major	Residential neighbourhood displaced		"The refusal to help the citizens caused many to suffer, and resent you, and while some were able to bounce back through help from friends, family or preexisting homeless shelters many weren’t so lucky."	0	-5	0	0	4	3	3	0	
Comp	major	Data Centre poisoned water	due to mismanagement by Bexley Inc their data centre has started leaking waste into a local river which has caused a massive contamination of the cities water supply. Mr. Bexley has requested your help in the decontamination process as Mr. Bexley is too busy taking his cryptocurrency BexBucks to the moon as he’s been saying.	"Decontamination efforts were a success! Bexley Inc’s data centre was shut down while the decontamination efforts were under way and yet to start up again. Although Mr. Bexley doesn’t seem to upset by this, as he seems to have moved on from Crypto"	0	0	0	1	2	4	3	0	Bexley Inc Bullshit 2: Residential neighbourhood displaced
Fail	major	Data Centre poisoned water		"Bexley Inc was forced to fund the decontamination efforts themselves. The efforts were slow and poorly managed which resulted in many going without clean water, and the industry sector taking a hit. Things were eventually finished, with Mr. Bexley being unable to purchase the new yacht he had been eyeing, much to his chagrin. Hopefully he will be able to move past this..."	0	-5	-4	-2	6	4	3	0	Bexley Inc Bullshit 2: Residential neighbourhood displaced
Comp	major	Reactor meltdown	"Several months ago Bexley Inc set up multiple reactors in the industrial sector when Mr. Bexley chose to pursue energy generation. Normally such reactors would be a great means to generate power for a city, however due to mismanagement from Bexley Inc one of the reactors had a massive meltdown. Such an event needs to be handled as fast as possible!"	"With the quick action of your municipal government, the Reactor meltdown was taken care of before any serious damage could be done to any area outside of the industrial sector. After some cleaning, disposing of waste, and Bexley Inc selling their factories the reactor is good as new and ready to return to production!"	0	0	0	0	0	2	4	0	
Fail	major	Reactor meltdown		"Due to the failure to act on such an urgent issue, and the poor management of Bexley Inc the reactor meltdown grew worse and worse until the federal government had to step in calling for a mass evacuation of the city. Shortly there after Mr. Bexley himself came out to testify on how your municipal leadership led to such a catastrophe. Such matters should not be ignored."	0	0	0	0	0	2	4	1	
Comp	major	Tornado	"Due to climate change the weather has grown more and more extreme. Due to this a tornado has landed in the city! This has caused an immense amount of damage to every part of the city! All sectors of the city are in dire need of repair, and a begging for aid to help return the city to some sense of normalcy"	"With the proper funding the city was able to rebuild many of its damaged infrastructure, bringing it back to a state similar to what it once was. While not perfect, many citizens finally feel like they can breathe a sigh of relief, as the destruction brought forth by this tornado is finally past them."	0	0	0	0	-1	2	4	0	
Fail	major	Tornado		"The choice to not give any aid to the city has left many puzzled, and confused, leading many to ask why keep you in power?, that question lingered in many people’s minds until many of them said enough it enough. With the frustration and disenfranchisement of most of the city being felt everywhere, you had no choice but to resign in shame. When disaster strikes, refusal to help is tantamount to abandonment."	0	0	0	0	-4	2	4	1	
Comp	minor	Community centre funds	"A local community centre has plans to add a new basketball court to their property for the locals to enjoy at their leisure. As such, the Centre’s director has requested aid in funding, citing that such an addition would be greatly beneficial for the community as it’ll give many local youth a place to play and get more exercise."	With the funding you provided The community centre was able to construct and finish a brand new basketball court. With the inclusion of the new court there has been a noticeable uptick in the amount of youth going out and playing in the court. This also led to more youth volunteering at the centre! The director is greatly thankful for your contribution.	0	2	0	0	-1	8	2	0	
Fail	minor	Community centre funds		"Without any funding the community centre wasn’t able to reach the amount they needed to construct the new court. While this didn’t disrupt any day to day activities, there have been reports of many local youth expressing disappointment as they feel as though public places where they can go to hang out and play are rapidly disappearing."	0	-2	0	0	0	8	2	0	
Comp	minor	Road infrastructure repaired	"A petition has landed itself in your office. It seems a portion of the population are fed up with the state of the roads in the city and are requesting that something be done with the ridiculous amount of potholes that are strewn across the city. The petition calls for repairs to happen, claiming that such a task would improve all facets of life in the city."	"Dubbed Project Pothole, work on preparing and eventually filling in the potholes across the city began. Before the project was even fully complete many of the citizens had already begun expressing gratitude for the work. As well as more drivable roads which has led to many being able to get to their jobs, and an uptick in local businesses seeing more traffic as people felt more inclined to go out with the repairs to the streets."	1	1	1	0	2	6	3	0	
Fail	minor	Road infrastructure repaired		"The roads remained in their tattered, yet technically drivable, state. Life continued to go on as it always had, although there is a more noticeable bitterness in the air now, along with many citizens voice frustrations in the municipal governments refusal to listen to their needs."	0	-2	0	0	0	6	3	0	
Comp	minor	Movie theatre restoration	"a local theatre which has been in business for nearly a century recently had a massive fire, damaging it tremendously. Many people are concerned about the future of said theatre, as it stands as a a major historical building which many citizens have cherished memories of. As such, the owner has requested funding to help the restoration process of the theatre."	"Using the generous funding provided, the owner was able to not just restore the theatre, but make improvements that many people had been wanting for a long time. The grand reopening was one one the theatre’s most successful days. With one of its highest customer counts in its entire history! Many are relieved to see such an important part of the city's history is still here, ready to provide entertainment for many more decades to come!"	1	1	0	0	1	5	2	0	
Fail	minor	Movie theatre restoration		"Without any help the owner had to close the theatre and sell the plot it resided on. The plot was quickly bought up by Bexley Inc which tore down the old remains of the classic theatre, replacing it with a more modern, brutalist design building. The new purpose of this building is for Mr. Bexley to record and produce his new podcast Bexley after hours a podcast where Bexley educates young men on such important topics as becoming a high-value male and other related topics"	-1	-1	0	0	3	5	2	0	
Comp	minor	Transit worker strike	"over the week a massive walk out of transit workers took place. Until the workers receive better pay, and better benefits they refuse to work. This has caused an influx of people relying on personal vehicles, or ride share/taxis in order to get to things like: school, work, or other outings. Many are now complaining about the disruption to their day to day lives as many rely on public transit in order to traverse the city."	"After increasing funding towards the transit system, the transit workers demands were finally met, with them receiving higher pay, and better benefits. With the transit workers returning to work and regular operations starting back up many citizens were not only relieved, but found that the transit workers as a result have provided better service to the public sector, resulting in many getting to work sooner!"	1	2	0	0	-2	6	3	0	
Fail	minor	Transit worker strike		"After ignoring the strikers for long enough eventually they had no choice but to return to their jobs after their attempts to keep the strike going was halted by union busting efforts. While some were finally happy to see transit return to the city, many voice disapproval over how the issue was handled as it simply prolonged many people’s struggle to arrive at work in a timely manner."	-2	-1	0	0	3	6	3	0	
Comp	minor	Local parade	"The time has come for the city's yearly parade. However, this year donations for the event seem to be low. Due to this the committee in charge have requested funding from the municipal government to prepare for the parade. Many see the parade as one of the many instances that really brings the community together and reminds everyone what everything is all about, community!"	Using the funds from the contribution the organizers were able to go above and beyond with the parade. What resulted was what some considered the best parade that many people have seen in years!	0	2	0	0	2	6	3	0	
Fail	minor	Local parade		"The parade committee managed to still organize the parade despite the lower funds. However, many of those who attended the parade noted that the parade felt lower quality than the previous years. Due to this sentiment, many feel as though the parade has gone downhill, and have expressed that the likelihood of them donating for next year’s parade has gone down."	0	-2	0	0	2	6	3	0	
Comp	minor	Local festival	"Every year a local festival is held to celebrate the city’s culture and community, with music, food, and a variety of vendors all coming together for this multi day event. With the festival having preparations beginning, the festival committee have requested help in funding the event, hoping to make it even bigger and better than the previous year’s festival."	"Using the funding, the committee was able to fund another music stage, multiple new vendors, as well a new awards ceremony to celebrate whichever vendor was the public's favourite part of the festival! THis brought the numbers to the festival to an all time high, with many hoping to see their favourite vendor take home the 1st place prize!"	1	2	0	0	1	6	2	0	
Fail	minor	Local festival		"Without the extra funding from the municipal government, the festival committee needed to turn to other means to fund their festival. Mr. Bexley quickly swept in to help them with funding. What started out as a last minute save however, quickly turned into a disaster as Mr. Bexley began making multiple changes. When the festival finally arrived many claimed it felt more like a festival to celebrate Bexley Inc than the community and culture of the city."	0	-2	0	0	1	6	2	0	
Comp	minor	School funding	"The city's school year is quickly approaching, and as such the schools have requested funding for: textbooks, lab equipment, sports equipment, and many other educational tools as the current set of supplies they have are in dire need of replacement. School administrators are citing the importance of education and how we can’t cut corners when it comes to the youth of the city, a sentiment which many parents are echoing."	"Funding for the school went towards improving and updating many of the tools they had. The students returned to school after a fun break to a plethora of new school supplies. Everything from sports equipment to textbooks were updated. Many parents have reported, claiming that their kids seem more invested in their classes."	0	3	0	0	-1	8	2	0	
Fail	minor	School funding		"The school year started without the funding it needed. As a result the students continued another school year with the same old supplies they had the years prior. Despite the supplies getting the job done, many now feel like the supplies have not been up to snuff for many years, and as a result many parents and students alike feel as though their needs have gone unmet."	0	-3	0	0	2	8	2	0	
Comp	minor	Convention funding	"a local organization is hosting a convention all about TTrpgs and are requesting funds to help them rent, and set up the centre. They claim that their convention would attract visitors from out of town and bring in more revenue for the city, as well as act as an event for citizens to come together and participate in a fun event for all ages."	"The convention, officially dubbed TableGameCon, went off without a hitch! The con organizers were able to advertise the convention all over town and on social media resulting in a massive opening day and consistent guest attendance over the following days. With the funds they were given, the convention organizers had enough to rent the centre long enough to accommodate all the local talents they wished to host, while also being able to bring some bigger names into the convention resulting in a massive boom in sales, and city morale!"	1	2	0	0	2	7	2	0	
Fail	minor	Convention funding		"Without the proper funding the convention organizers had only enough for a fraction of the days they wished. With such little time available, the convention had very few big names attached, and had a very weak vendors section. Those who did show up found that the convention had potential but were upset by how poorly funded it was."	0	-3	0	0	1	7	2	0	
Comp	minor	Park revival	"A local park has been in dire straits for the past few years. Recently an organization has reached out with a full step plan in the restoration of the park, making it a place where everyone can go to relax and have fun. They’re asking for a small amount of funding to help kick start the process."	"The park was able to be restored back to its former glory with help from the funding you provided. Now the park stands as a centre piece to its neighbourhood as a place where the youth can go to play, dog owners to walk their dogs, and for local events to take place."	0	3	0	0	-4	6	3	0	
Fail	minor	Park revival		" Without proper funding the organization wasn’t able to begin production on the park restoration. Without any efforts of restoration the park fell into even greater disrepair, until Mr. Bexley bought up the plot the park was on, promising to use the land for something everyone could use. As of yet, nothing but a fence with a DO NOT ENTER sign has appeared."	0	-3	0	0	1	6	3	0	
Comp	minor	Multi Block party	"Recent talk of a massive block party has been circulating, as people wanted a means to boost morale in a more impoverished neighbourhood. A request has recently found its way to your office asking for a small donation in order to bring this event to fruition. The organizers is citing the benefit to the communities morale, as well as the boost to its reputation as a reason for the block party to happen."	With the funding provided the organizers were able to put together the block party within the month. What resulted was a massive event covering multiple blocks. Many people attended this event making it a smash success with plans for another block party in talks for next year! The block party also generated some income for the neighbourhood!	1	2	0	0	1	6	2	0	
Fail	minor	Multi Block party		"Without funding the block party plans never really got off the ground. The neighbourhood which was planned for this event to take place at remained in its state, with the only change it experienced being the continuing decline in its reputation."	-2	-2	0	0	1	6	2	0	
Comp	minor	Marathon funding	"The anniversary of the passing of a famous runner is coming up. This runner was famous for their hard work and perseverance, even in the face of the health issues they faced.. For the event their estate is hoping to organize a marathon to honor the late runner's legacy. As such, they’re requesting some funds to help plan out the event. They believe that such an event will help celebrate this legend's life, and can also be used to raise awareness for the conditions the runner lived with for their entire life."	"The funding provided was used to organize and set up the marathon, advertising for the marathon was quickly deployed and gained massive traction online, resulting in a massive turn out of people from all ages, and walks of life attending to take part in this amazing event. By the end the estate of the late runner was moved by the sheer amount of attendees."	0	2	0	0	-1	7	3	0	
Fail	minor	Marathon funding		"Due to lack of proper funding, the estate of the late runner was not able to fund the marathon fully. As a result the marathon ended up under performing greatly. The turnout ended up abysmally low, with many people completely unaware the event was even happening. Many people only learned when they found the streets closed off, causing many people to be upset as their commutes were disrupted for seemingly no reason."	0	-3	0	0	0	7	3	0	
Comp	minor	Musician fundraiser event	a world famous musician is currently planning a fundraising world tour and looking for venues to play at. With this information those at Bexley stadium are wanting to reach out to the pop star with hopes of having her perform at the stadium. They’re now asking you for some funding to help revamp the stadium to make it more appealing and thus increase their chances of getting a spot in the pop star’s world tour.	"Using the funds they were given, Bexley stadium was able to get a massive make over, revamping its lightning system, its seats, and many more! All this work ended up paying off as the pop star was drawn to how well kept the venue appeared. The buzz surrounding the performance caused a massive boom in local tourism, as many people from other cities came to see the pop star perform resulting in a surge in hotel/motel room sales. Many people who attended the concert spoke about just how inspirational the performance was."	2	2	0	0	1	8	3	0	
Fail	minor	Musician fundraiser event		"Without the funding needed, Bexley stadium was not able to improve anything in their facility. This resulted in nothing standing out about it, and the popstar looking past the venue in favour of something with more upkeep and appeal. Many people who were hoping for her to perform in the city found themselves let down and wishing the pop star had come to Bexley stadium, although, seeing the state its in Many understand why she did not choose it."	-2	-3	0	0	0	8	3	0	
Comp	minor	Art crawl event funding	"the time has come once again for the yearly art crawl event. The art crawl has become a staple in the city, it's a time where artists both big and small are able to advertise and sell their craft to the community. This year, the organizers are requesting some extra funding as they are currently appearing to be under funded for this year's event. They believe that this event is critically important for the city's economy, as well as the city's morale as a lot of business takes place, as well as it being an event which brings the community together."	"The art crawl came and went, and using the funds provided the organizers we’re about to nearly double the size of the event, making it an even greater of an event than ever before! Many citizens see this year's art crawl as the best yet, with many up and coming artists getting the chance to make a name for themselves and sell their art to the citizens of the city!"	1	2	0	0	-1	7	2	0	
Fail	minor	Art crawl event funding		"The day of the art crawl event quickly approached, and the organizers struggled to find the funding they needed for the event. Due to this they needed to quickly downsize the event, cutting multiple artists out of the event and reducing its size by nearly half. As a result many found that this is the weakest of the recent art crawls over the past few years. Coupling that with the poor sales which came from this and many wonder if next year will even have an art crawl."	-2	-2	0	0	1	7	2	0	
Comp	minor	New homeless shelters opening	"With the ever growing homeless population many are hoping for a solution to the ever growing issue. Once such a solution comes from an organization which is hoping to receive the funds for a new homeless shelter. All that is required is a small amount of funding to get the shelter up and running. However, the building which is planned for the renovation is also currently being eyed by a company which is hoping to open up a new restaurant."	"With the funding provided and a new homeless shelter underway, many feel relieved knowing there will be a new resource for the cities most vulnerable to find at least a moment of reprieve from their typical day to day life. However, some can’t help but to think of the lost opportunity for business if the restaurant  was opened up."	1	3	0	0	-1	5	3	0	
Fail	minor	New homeless shelters opening		"The new restaurant was constructed and opened to massive success, leading to a noticeable uptick in business and income! However, many also feel as though the city's homeless population was abandoned in pursuit of profit."	-2	-2	0	0	1	5	3	0	
Comp	minor	Hospital fundings	"Recently, a local hospital has been struggling with power shortages, as an answer the hospital is seeking an increase in funding to help expand and strengthen their power grid. Many see this as an incredibly important cause, as helping the sick should be one of society's top priorities. However, many have raised concerns about the strain the size of the increase could cause to the city's power grid. They worry that the strain might cause some issues down the line."	"The funding provided to the hospital helped greatly in the strengthening, and expansion of the hospital’s power grid. Now, the amount of power outages the hospital faces have dropped to nearly zero. Many are happy with this, as they’re relieved that their loved ones can get the care they need. Others continue to raise concern over the city’s power grid with this new inclusion, with some even reporting some issues growing."	0	4	-1	0	1	5	4	0	
Fail	minor	Hospital fundings		"Without the funding for the strengthened power grid the hospital continued to have issues regarding their power. The families of the hospital patients have not skimped on voicing their displeasure with the lack of funding given to  the hospital. However, some individuals have tried to see a silver lining with this all, citing that the power grid is seeming to get stronger."	0	-3	0	0	2	5	4	0	
Comp	minor	Unemployment rates issue	"Recently the unemployment rate has been growing, in order to combat this a bill has made its way to your office. The bill is requesting funds to help establish more employment offices throughout the city to encourage more to find employment, and thus empower the economy."	"Funding the bill has resulted now in a handful of employment offices popping up throughout the city, giving people the chance to get their foot in the door in a new work place. As a result the unemployment rate has begun slowly declining as more and more people are finding work! With this increase in workers the economy has also seen a modest boost."	3	0	0	0	1	6	3	0	
Fail	minor	Unemployment rates issue		"The lack of funding resulted in no employment centres opening up and, as a result, the unemployment rate remained where it was. Due to the lack of workers the economy took a toll as people simply did not have money to fund back into the city."	-3	0	0	0	1	6	3	0	
Comp	minor	Drug epidemic	"The city has been facing a minor drug epidemic for the past few years which have recently begun to grow in threat. In order to combat this a request has been made to fund a handful of detox centres throughout the city in order to help those who are trying to kick their addiction and live a better life. However, many take issue with the locations planned for this being in many of the inner city, especially in places of high business."	"Funding of the detox centres were successful! Giving many of those struggling with the drug epidemic the ability to wean themselves off the drug and beat their addiction which has resulted in the drug usage decreasing citywide! However, many cite the detox centres as a reason why these areas of the city have gone down in quality, and as such stopped shopping in the areas."	-1	2	0	0	1	6	3	0	
Fail	minor	Drug epidemic		"Without the proper funding for the detox centres many of those suffering had no place to help them combat their addiction. As a result many have sadly lost their battle against their addiction. Many in lower income neighbourhoods feel as the city has abandoned those struggling greatly, while many of the high income neighbourhoods enjoy an increase in shopping and business as they do not have to deal with what they deem as the unruly."	1	-2	0	0	1	6	3	0	
Comp	minor	Crime wave	"over the past while a surge of crime has swept parts of the city, with multiple businesses being broken into, vandalized, and burgled. To solve this issue an investigation was opened which concluded that many of the crimes are tied to the more impoverished parts of the city. Now a plan has been sent to your office with detail funding plan to ideally reduce the crime and improve living situations in said areas."	"funneling extra funds to the present plan turned out fruitful. While initially many citizens were taken aback by the decision to put funds towards these neighborhoods, seeing it as rewarding the criminals. However, as the crimes slowed and eventually stopped many realized it was ultimately better to address the problem directly than trying to bandaid it with a stronger police force."	2	2	0	0	2	8	3	0	
Fail	minor	Crime wave		"Without the proper funding the plan eventually died. The crime wave continued to ravage the neighbourhoods, resulting in multiple businesses needing to close down due to the repair and replacement costs which came as a result of the unchecked crimes sweeping their neighbourhoods. Many citizens now feel as though the lack of response could be a sign of something more…"	-2	-2	0	0	1	8	3	0	
Comp	minor	Moose on the loose	"Marty the Moose is a beloved mascot of a local amusement park MartyLand who is a staple in the childhoods of many. Marty recently escaped his enclosure at MartyLand and has been missing since. The CEO of MartyLand, Mr. Yelxeb is requesting some funds to help recapture Marty in order to bring him home, citing that without him trips to MartyLand are bound to drop. However, there has also been a massive influx of detractors, claiming that Marty is a wild animal and deserves to be out in nature, and not trapped in a park pen for people’s amusement."	"Using the funds provided Mr. Yexleb was able to make the order to hire more hunters who, after a hard hunt, was able to find Marty and neutralize him. Marty was brought back to his enclosure in MartyLand, giving the amusement park a boom in business. Despite that, the opinion of Marty being cruelly captured and locked back in captivity has been steadily growing."	2	-1	0	0	1	7	3	0	
Fail	minor	Moose on the loose		"Without the funds no further hunters were able to be hired. Without any backup Marty was able to fully return to his place in nature, resulting in MartyLand closing down due to a drop in guests. However, many people feel as though this was the correct course of actions, believing that Marty is a wild animal and shouldn't be in captivity."	1	1	0	0	-3	7	3	0	
Comp	minor	Sport venue upgrade	"With the end of the sportsball playoffs coming up, the city’s local team The Bexville Bruisers are slated to play in their home town. With such an event coming up the sports arena are requesting funds to upgrade their venue, making room for more business vendors in the stadium halls, and more space for seating. They believe this would be beneficial as it can drive up tourism, as well as give the city another landmark for the citizens to cite as one of the great reasons to live in the city. However, the plans for the upgrade would push into a plot of land which was slated to be used to build an additional energy plant."	"With the funds acquired, upgrades on the sportsball  stadium quickly started. Once all was done, the stadium now boasted a brand new and revamped vendor’s hall where several different food, and merchandise vendors were set up for whatever event is currently taking place. Additionally the amount of seating nearly doubled. When the sportsball final playoff match came around the entire stadium was packed! "	2	2	-2	0	3	5	4	0	
Fail	minor	Sport venue upgrade		"without the funds the stadium remained in its previous state,the playoffs finale came and went as it had in the past, However, with the plot of land still open, a new energy plant was built resulting in the infrastructure of the city’s power grid improving!"	0	0	3	0	-2	5	4	0	
Comp	minor	Aquarium Expansion	"The Bexley Aquarium is one of the city's greatest tourist attractions, giving people the chance to see sea life they could only ever dream of seeing. As such the aquarium has plans to expand, adding multiple new exhibits, things even bigger, and greater than anything ever before! The aquarium board is requesting funds to help establish these new exhibits, believing this could increase the revenue  greatly! However, many energy experts worry about the potential strain on the power grid the planned expansion could have."	"With the new expansions funded and then constructed, the Bexley aquarium saw a boom in revenue as many came from far and wide to experience the new exhibits. Seeing never before seen ocean life for many was amazing, and well worth the admission fee. However, the strain on the power grid ended up resulting in some parts of the city going dark for a brief window."	3	0	-2	0	-1	7	4	0	
Fail	minor	Aquarium Expansion		"Without any funding the Bexley Aquarium was unable to expand their exhibits. However, without the strain on the system the planned new exhibits would have put onto the power grid, the engineers working on it had the time to improve it, making it stronger!"	0	0	2	0	2	7	4	0	
Comp	minor	Homeless camp take over park	"A recent surge of homelessness has resulted in a homeless camp appearing in a local park. This camp has disrupted many people’s everyday lives, with many feeling as though it makes the park a far more dangerous place for citizens. An organization has now reached out to you with the intention of getting funds for a more robust social outreach program, as well as improving the city's welfare program. They believe that doing this will help the homeless population, and as such help clear up the homeless camp in the park."	"Using the funds provided, work on revamping the social The outreach program was started almost immediately. Building it, and the city’s welfare program up to be stronger than ever before. Before long the homeless camp began to clear up as those struggling were able to get the help they needed, whether that be financial, medical, or otherwise. Now the park has returned to its previous state, with the city’s most vulnerable being taken care of!"	0	3	0	0	-3	6	4	0	
Fail	minor	Homeless camp take over park		"Without the funds the programs that were planned to be improved had to remain in their state. As a result the homeless camp remained, only growing larger with time. This all grew to a head when the park officials finally had the police tear the camp down, further displacing the homeless population who were simply looking for a place to rest their weary bodies. The scene caused by the police in their teardown upset many citizens who felt as though the city was simply further punishing these vulnerable people with further violence."	0	-3	0	0	1	6	4	0	
Comp	major	Local protests	"Recent choices made for the city have left many citizens frustrated and disenfranchised. As a result, protests have been cropping up all over the city, with people all over demanding change. Many people feel as though the municipal government has been failing the people time and time again. Something will need to be done before these protests reach a breaking point."	"After plenty of work and agreements to do better from the municipal government, the protests seem to have calmed down as people grow happier with the efforts put in place to help repair the reputation with the public."	0	4	0	0	0	2	3	0	
Fail	major	Local protests		"With hardly a word from the municipal government the protests continued to grow more and more. Proving that their voices would likely never be heard, the protests rapidly morphed into riots. With a desire for change burning inside them, the offices of the municipal government were stormed and those in power were brought to the guillotine prepared by the proletariat. As you were brought to your execution you noticed on the blade of the guillotine a logo belonging to Bexley Inc engraved on it."	0	0	0	0	0	2	3	1	
